oh I've written I've written to several
other youtubers asking them to take on
the critique of what unnatural vegan a
disable this because it was shockingly
stupid and awful unnatural vegan made
every excuse possible for bunny Rebecca
but this excuse marathon was not good
enough to satisfy old Bonnie old brainy
so she writes back I know I am late to
seeing this but I have to say it really
frustrates me you know it's a little
more passionate it really frustrates me
because it seems like you didn't even
watch my video I don't know why I said
that I only listen to natural pass or
quote unquote natural doctors yes that
comment was a viral video I said at that
stage I said that is at stage but I saw
many normal doctors throughout this
process and my last doctor I went to was
a real doctor
a gastroenterologist at a specialist he
is the one that implemented this diet
change I have tried to eat a low fiber
vegan diet mock meats give me a lot of
digestive pain whenever I have them and
I obviously tried to Fuu do you really
think that I haven't thought of that
it's not just fiber like I said in my
video
legumes wheat and soy all seem to
provoke my symptoms this process has
been so incredibly long you really have
no idea what we went through and how
hard we tried to make this work on a
vegan
it was not a dermatologist that give Tim
antibiotics it was a specialist and he
did have a topical cream as well
seriously moister czar your best
solution okay on that we agree bunny
brainy Rebecca trust me you can do a
book review channel you can step it up
Bonnie really I said I see a bright
future for you as brainy Rebecca just
rebrand you're not gonna do the vegan
thing anymore understand ah
roosters are you bet boy stur your best
solution I agree the oyster thing it's a
joke and I don't even know how many
people out there get the the function
it's ridiculous so seriously
always
ters are your best illusion I like 812
times in that video unnatural vegan
suggests oysters as if that it's the
same fundamental problem with the fish
and eggs thing okay so you you have this
food allergy or whatever it is here this
health problem
how does adding cholesterol to your diet
I mean unless you really believe
cholesterol is the cure for acne unless
you really believe cholesterol is the
cure for anything it's insane
alright I may have started on a high
fruit low-fat diet but that changed a
long time ago I have been eating a
balanced vegan diet for a long time now
lastly I don't know why you think you
can diagnose people through a screen you
aren't qualified nor is it your place
even if you were in terms of ethic
apostrophe s Essex hilariously
misspelled bonny Rebecca can't even
spell X literally literally could not
spell the word ethics okay in terms of
ethics I said I'm okay with what I'm
eating because the end of the day I put
my own health above fish that's really
all I can say about that I am trying to
only do what is necessary to you and I
have tried to live as cruelty-free as
possible in the rest of my life
[Music]